al p p
Pam p pam pam pam p p p Pam Pam p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p
p
[Music]
p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p
p
[Music]
[Applause]
p Pam p p p p p p
[Music]
p p p p p pom pom p p pom pom pom  p pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam
pam Yi [Music] Pam Pam p pam pam pam pam p p pam pam pam
Pam p p p Pam p Pam Pam p p p p p p p p p p p p p
p  p p p p pom pom [Music] pom pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam
p [
Music]
Pam and
family How are you all? Oh my god, uncle? Oh my god, I thought
today was a
day off
family How are you all? What are you talking about? Let's
see, let's
go. You know something happened, man. Hey,
I'm down
to
see,
something happened,
man. I don't know if you saw
today's news. A kiss,
damn, something happened that I don't know if we're
going to be able to solve. Huh, something
really happened, really
bad, but we didn't know. Let's see.
Huh. I don't know if you saw the news
that I uploaded today,
practically when I was showing
the reason for the
Twitch ban, I accidentally showed another
reason that I hadn't
realized but while I was recording
the video I realized that it said
something else, did you see it or not?  you
saw it you saw it okay Well it turns out I had
n't realized but I had an
email from Twitch And it's
likely [ __ ] look at you that I'm going to
remove it even of we may have
lost Twitch
definitively
eh the camera is out of focus look today
we are going to deal with this gossip and and I'm going to
see if I don't go to bed at 5 in the
morning okay And tomorrow will be another day
okay And tomorrow will be another
day because today and then I just skipped
dinner and all I want is to
rest what I wanted was to rest
but the thing is this happened and this is a
bomb the
truth well It may be that we have
lost Twitch forever or in other words that there have
been a thread
of an event that has
led us to lose Twitch forever
Eh yeah let me explain it turns out that
when I recorded that newscast that you
saw today at noon
I put apart the reason because I wanted to
deny the reason for the ban that they
were saying that it was because of threats I don't
know what and it was because of the issue of
sexual content that I also keep
watching in [ __ ]  because
really the photographs were not, let's see
if they were photographs but on Twitch
we see more explicit things I would say
not even and and they are contents that are not
marked as explicit anyway But well they
were censored or whatever But well
The thing is that
the thing is that when they put the
when they banned us the channel we continued
in the live
Chatting if it was a little revealing I would not
show it Well but let's see it was an
accident it was an accident but it
was not very revealing either no I mean I would have to
look for the photo again
but I don't know the truth for a
day I think you couldn't see anything eh
sincerely
eh sincerely outside
[Music] joking
around I don't I don't see it for a
ban and and less than 7 days but
well I don't know the truth The thing is that
that
ban okay it
was in the
live in the in the space being in the
space And then we continued the
live we continued the live we were
Chatting and
gibel was live and there is a moment in
which they also warn guibel be
careful that you cannot be
live with a
banned and he said
okay okay I already told him to
delete it running or whatever Okay and I
hope nothing happens to him I think nothing
happened to him okay I think it can't
happen to him anymore in fact but the thing
is that he said something like as long as he's
not seen nothing happens or something like that
no uh it must be the image or something like that I mean I do
n't remember I already passed but it turns out
that they have banned me permanently
because he was live I mean they
sent me an email and they told me to evade
the ban suspension evade the
suspension and I said Oh it does
n't sound
Why And I said I smoked weed or rather
this is wrong This is not like that you
know how to evade of course for me evading the
suspension would be creating another channel eh
Or yes creating another channel something else or something else I don't know I ca
n't think of well Well it turns out
that he counts me as a reason for
evasion that I appeared in
gibel's live and it's like I can't
control that I mean no no it's not my
fault or I mean we were in a space
Imagine that maybe
three or four other people were live,
what the [ __ ] do you understand me, of course, for
me, for me, yes, I have appealed it but
well, let's see what they say, the truth is that I did
n't know that either, I mean, I knew that if
you invite a person who is
banned, they can ban
you, but I didn't know that they can ban you
permanently
Because being banned, being
banned, you appear in another live, that is, in
that 7-day ban that has
now become a
total ban. So we'll see, man, we'll see.
No man, it's not Gibel's fault, damn,
surely there we go, what it was,
he risked being banned
too, but what I'm not going to do is in fact
if you see my reaction on the news
When I see that I say, [ __ ], I've smoked a joint,
eh, I've smoked a joint, Twitch doesn't
send me an email with another ban, eh, for
evasion of B, it's they've smoked a joint, it's
bugged or whatever, okay. But
well, we'll see what happens.
Oh my  captain my captain lately
I know many captains that If you are
the captain of gossip with a smile
I will understand that you know what I mean
I got banned from Twitter
sad face What what What do you mean what have you
told me and what do I have to
know or rather tremendous eh tremendous but
well F yes no F yes no let's see the bans
those are twi made a
mistake I'm sure you'll peel it and win it
Sure but how can you
control
and that you're appearing in another live I mean
if the ban was in the middle
of the call in the middle of the space that we
were broadcasting eh another thing is that
you do it with the intention of evading I don't
understand that the point is that not that you
have the intention of evading the b and
you take it and you go to another channel or
whatever no I don't know but I see it a little
senseless eh I mean on YouTube that's not like
that on YouTube if they give you
a strike or imagine they close your
channel To what extent can't they
take you to another channel to interview you I mean it's
that  it doesn't make sense no I don't know I don't see
that Not even that you were
completely banned not that you don't appear
Anywhere I don't know the truth a little XD
the truth a little XD The debate cost us a lot
So it didn't cost us a lot
and and neither that it would have the big visit
or the big repercussion but since they were
Tokin directly at the same time well no Jai take
advantage to go to kiik Well yes I do
have kiik open there it is but
the truth is I see it a bit like you're smoking
weed that it doesn't make any sense at all
Well then they banned me Okay now I'll
look at it we're on the call the other
guy is still on the call
eh I don't know the truth I don't know the truth Well we'll see we'll
see today we have
the day here with with the gemita thing
Ricky will practically celebrate your ban Well he did it
in fact several did in fact
kiss
Shark that shirt doesn't let me concentrate
How handsome a kiss scar a kiss a kiss
Yes yes I have sent the appeal for the moment
the appeal for the issue of
sexual content they have rejected it I understand that
twi understands that the content was very
explicit Not me but well and now it's
time to receive it the result of the
appeal for the evasion not to see what they
say about that but the truth is it seems to me
[Music]
one that seems like crap to me the truth is it
seems like crap to me So they give you an
entire channel Imagine that you have a
lot of work a lot of me because you
have it there as something extra and it
brings in Maybe 300 400 extra pavill
a month well you know but imagine that it
was the main one and suddenly you have a
lot of viewers a lot
of Followers a lot of subs and and you get
banned Ricky is going to care more about a
ban evader than a tax evader
face rolling around laughing a kiss
Alan a kiss
eh put a tweet Not right now when
I was starting live they sent me
that I had posted a tweet eh about what he's
about that he's going to take off his
mask that he's going to take off his mask
Who
spends some time doing things very,
very badly behind everyone's back
and no  if you miss the live stream I'm going to
take off five masks from the same
person he's very obsessed Ricky Yanni I do
n't know if it's about the same topic Maybe it
's some Lore of his from the Channel and maybe it's about
something of his okay but
seeing his Twitter account which is
completely dedicated to
Dallas or it's going to be a live stream for Dallas or
it's going to be for me or for cansita or for pollo K herself a kiss a huge kiss I don't know but the truth is he's become very obsessed eh grandpa go look at what the stutterer told you eh the thing about the stutterer has no answer I saw it this afternoon on Electra's Twitter
or inco's Twitter from one of the two it's just
that they are purely insults
eh I sincerely Look
mm topic talk show today we're going to watch a
piece of the talk show because utbh was
talking about my part of the debate and I
the talk show here put things
we reacted And such But for whatever reason I do
n't know Why for a while now it's been
almost every weekend
about me and Dallas and about throwing
[ __ ] at each other So I  to see
content about me I see my
stuttering topic let's see the last time I uploaded
the chat it was about grandpa building
Simba and we'll help you reach 5k a
kiss Mila it was because of the debate with delox No
if I'm not mistaken I don't think the B is
because someone created an account Javi
oliveira 2 ah no I don't think so I don't think it
was because of the debate with delox
[Music]
So there I told stuttering man we'll
talk I'll write you privately or
something like that no and suddenly he
insults me there very often Thor rage and it's
like well let's see I would have seen that in
his day like Sel did and like Shur did No
if I have said a lot of very
serious things well if he makes me see them or if he had
put them on me Well I would have had no
problem asking for forgiveness At
this point it's that eh
at this point I don't care even Even
if I put them on Why Because [ __ ] the [ __ ] he
called me autistic down I don't know what he
said a lot of things to me the last time I
said look now  you know he has vetoed me well well let's
see I don't know I think so
with all due respect to everyone in the
discussion but he's gone a little bit off track
because he says it like it's a favor
to me no you couldn't be here in the
discussion it's like it's about me What do I care I
mean it's not like they're
ignoring me and they're not going to give me
popularity or anything like that but also
It's true that maybe he's
gone a little bit off track because I don't need it
either in fact in fact it's a mistake to
only get together with people with
like-minded thoughts no I mean because the key to
success and to getting a lot of audiences is to
put there people who strongly
disagree to discuss, debate and so on
but I'm not going to get into that
Really I mean I did have thoughts
Maybe having spoken to him was
the last thing I said to him when I went up to
the debate with delox but already the
last few things the last few things that are
pure insults you know So I
don't hear that anymore
and you can hear it down
below you can hear it down below as always you can't
hear it well
But oh well  you see I don't have enemies
Look [ __ ] what can I tell you? I told gubel today
that you're passing Jai because we
changed from Dallas dasas dasas to Dallas
Javi dasas Javi dasas Javi these bt or
tug d or x but Dallas can upload Whenever they
want they're kids with inventions Don't talk
about it I don't know if he's referring to
the discussion But anyway it's not a
problem So they have the right to
talk about whatever they want and that's why I
'm here so that people talk about me it's that I've
never cared about that
honestly
eh What else What else What else What else
Let's see about utbh okay Let's see
it there while
people enter Diego a kiss and with that
we'll hook up let's see It turns out that in
the debate the following was said to me about
utbh let's not Excuse me by the way let me
comment for a moment
dog and to colleagues of mine with whom he
got along or he thought he did he
wrote him privately saying Look man
Don't do what you did to colleagues of mine with whom he  He
was doing well or he thought he was
okay, I mean, here practically what he
did was
uh, like putting a little [ __ ]
between Sergio and me, okay, like
implying that utbh talks to him in private and
about me badly laad in the live because
this annoys me a little, no grace No, no, that's a
lie, I prove it, that's a lie, bad it,
well Prove it, well, okay, I'm going to
wait Prove it, well, okay, look, he does
n't Open to my friend, tell me, man, this about
car barking that they told me you did, wow, wow,
that's a lie, don't
come on Ricki Look, look, look
Sergio deserves this in the sense of
telling a child anything about this, I also
tell you, eh, Who needs the talk show if you
're the Crown of gossip, kiss, kiss,
no, but, Hey, I respect everyone for
what they do and everything, I simply stopped
watching it because, [ __ ], it was
against me all the time, you know, So
why, but for whatever, uh, I hope they do
well, Nothing's wrong, I mean, I trust you, today I
warned Gubel. Hey  be careful with this
eh as far as I know with uncle shur with cell phone I
have no problem I mean nothing happens
colleagues and that's it what you tell me
is because you let me know you changed the
subject now we go back to the isy thing okay Yes
yes what I have Rio about the tumor I'm
waiting for him to answer me that you are
very good at diverting attention let's see okay you are you are
very good at diverting
attention and I was changing the subject
he eh what you are mentioning to me is
utbh that in a live they were
telling me that he had
barked did he said Javi oliv Hey Javi I
looked at you much better in the other
debate because I don't know the debates by
heart the truth But I have noticed
that in this one although it has had less
visits because I think that the topic is already
or rather topic topic this to me it is that
Ricky's topics It's not that they have
ever given me special visibility In fact I
still have thoughts that I have to
answer delo who
messed with me again the other day and all that
stuff besides I wanted to record a video in
a different way It's that I don't even know  if
I'm going to get 50,000 views you
know So in the end Although I like to
upload variety and all that nonsense
a kiss and yes I feel like
saying a couple of things people get
tired you know People get tired
And what can I
tell you what is true Jai I follow
Sergio and in the debate seen what I've seen I
think it's the only truth that
Ricky said in the debate
m Well, not me the truth Well now I'm
going to tell you what Sergio said the truth
now I'm going to tell you but come on this
this happens to him for talking to one
of these kids who sells it and leaves it sold
for for for carrying it to look good
with me or trying to that I Regarding
the comments of this debate both on
Twitter and on the channels you will see the
video of Dallas against Ricky, damn we didn't
see it eh but I tell you the
same thing again it seems to me that it
burns it seems to me that it burns okay
e Regarding the comments and that man,
on the part of the people, I have seen it very
unanimous removing heads that you
know but  I on this one on this occasion I have
seen how the topic was very
unanimous no no he said W said Wow gu what has
Ricky given him and then I told him what has
given Ricky he said
ame you can talk Ricky you can talk and
why are you writing to him man So Ricky
you can talk I'm talking I'm talking
this talking you're acting like a
clown man it's
gotten out of hand I didn't want to say you can
talk it's gotten out of hand but that's how old you are I don't know
how you have the patience to put up with
Ricky I won't even tell you what I would do if I
had him in front of me God he's a 10
year old kid mentally
I'm the one who can support this
debate
you know do you consider yourself a defender of Dallas
man the truth is that there aren't
many things about Dallas that I don't
agree with but well there is
quite a bit of cordiality and I think it's
evident I don't know the debate Speak for
itself you understand me without further ado sorry
excuse me that's a
drag Can you be
serious good Javi sincerely I think that
the Ricky dex issue Dallas is burned out
Only his community agrees with
several they've even gotten tired of the
kid What a shame eh for trust you the other
day now that  delox is a friend of raed we
must remember that gibel said that he
would criticize delox the day that he
accepted into the anti Dallas group
someone who was a friend of Dallas
yes no Ah well Of course yes it's true to ric
mosis the cheese doesn't let him think a kiss
Sara
very pretty what am I talking about Javi what
am I talking about damn okay that utbh thing they
came to me and told me And I said to him
Hey how am I supposed to get along with him I
said to him did you start barking at me in a
live show and he said no p your audio
no I'm not going to put any audio here
I'm putting the capture Listen to it I
want to hear it here you don't know but
here he's playing with the fact that he knows that I'm not
going to press Play on the audio because
Sergio told me some personal news about him
something about his private life and
Ricky knows it and knows that I'm not going to press
Play on the audio okay one day I'll tell you
this was Abi I want to hear how he
says please don't do woof woof
no Press Play I know that Sergio doesn't
care Press Play ricki I'm not going to
put on an audio of Sergio or mine in a
conversation that maybe we mention
other things and then he'll have the balls to
ask me, Dely
cheeky I have asked you for audio that you
call me now the audio of this
and but ri answer Answer something man
teaching you don't talk man you don't talk Ricky I
told Sergio It's true that he barked at me
live so that he tells me if it
's true he is complaining to me about the
subject of Sergio and I'm saying it's not
true what you're
saying listen he doesn't answer me he doesn't
let me play it for him he
told me no truth what did you tell him? Play the audio
liar Play the
audio play it
if you like the party contact me handsome
XD
kiss Gerardo the audio tells me something about his personal life that you know is not known yet okay you're right no no his not yours yours your audio not because he surely mentioned But look look he mentioned him before barking what he mentioned you started barking at me in your
free live they passed me this cap And
what does he answer me
he didn't bark at you Well if you want no no  I'm
going to tell you out of deference
Sergio but if he does anything else behind my back than in
front you're leaving It's that
here I'll be leaving Sergio in a bad light Not
me, I mean let's see I find out that they
're telling me and they're
sending me those screenshots those screenshots are not
from my phone those screenshots that I'm
sending to Sergio I find out that they
're telling me dude this one is
messing with you so if I'm supposed to have
a cordial relationship with a
person and and you'll answer me stuttering
no Kevin no we already talked about it at the
beginning a kiss Thank you very much Rey
eh yes I have a cordial relationship with a
person with whom I get along well with him
with his girlfriend and and nothing has happened to us
we've had several fights together in
other things in other things we've
known each other for many years and that whole
thing
eh And I find out that
a lot of people come to tell me it's not that he's
calling you a dog he's saying
disgusting things to you well so I go I tell him you
're telling me this Explain it to me I don't
think it's the most logical and normal thing eh
I mean as if  I did what I
know like I would do it to to to to to
more like if Auron did it to me I do
n't know who Salomo is a kiss
gorgeous says Josefa you look very down
Yes the truth is that I'm feeling down today
I'm already seriously down the truth is that I would have
liked you
know how but oh it turns out that he tells me
man I don't love you I have no [ __ ] idea
what you're
saying give up we know you're a
[ __ ] on instax deo a kiss
gorgeous cool welcome you
know it's logical it turns out that in a while
This was the first part of the conversation he
tells me pass me the clip of the extract he
told me Sergio Okay he says I don't remember what I
said but sorry whatever okay I
told him no no that's it if you're
telling me no it's no And then he
takes it and I and in a while in the already later
Almost at night Well at the age of
night he already talks to me And he tells me Javi look
Fernanda found it and surely
they are referring to this so we are going
to cut it And I told him that he didn't have to
cut anything  because it was Wow W Wow what a
debate isn't it something like that I do
n't know Javi well he says
no he says no it would be very cowardly to
say one thing and then deny it no I don't
know it would be it would be a bit like his enemy
no that so much that so much he was that he suffered so much
with his enemy I sincerely
believe that it's not worth it now that he
tells his friends the opposite I don't know
Ricky says yes he says no now I'm
going to put what he said okay
how bad you to him not to me of course No to him
nothing to me no I'm going straight ahead no
Just know that going crying
to your friends to those that you think should
call you because they bark
live implies that it affects you that
people tell you that they bark I mean that the
per thing bothers you no no no Ricky No r about
dog it's not that I bother
me it seems disgusting to me I laugh
even the dog thing I myself have put
things in the titles and in the and in the
thumbnails and such okay I mean I can
laugh Because children say it I can  laugh
but when there's a group of adults
like bums trying to do it, I don't know
how I shut up eh I mean no more, I said it
the other day now when they're getting together they
say it with a harmful intention
Ricky thinks that he really has a
Supreme intelligence that's his problem
a lot of sectarian touches in that group that they have
formed now it's creepy I think he gets
really crazy that as he
gets frustrated he gets
more crazy and becomes obsessed man his
Twitter account turned into one of
these accounts Like for example a laser len or
something like that eh I mean
Ricky's Twitter account is what your uncle says a very
famous guy who makes a lot of money What a
need man What a need do you
understand what I mean by the dog thing it's not that it
bothers me as such the nonsense I laugh at
it a lot but it's
like what what what the intention is
already like trying to discredit like
calling me like a [ __ ] dog You
understand me Like a [ __ ] flea-ridden dog
there disgusting you know It's not like well
because he defends Dalas well because he
comes and is faithful to Dalas no no no no it
's like a  [ __ ] flea-ridden dog like a you
know It's like with a contempt you know
in a disgusting way in a very disgusting way
okay
eh offend me humiliate me
try to discredit you know especially
because of the issue that they are not interested in there being
someone like me that they do not buy because
for example a nonsense like the issue of
hitmen
no And this was what
Sergio Ricky responded edit sells to utbh
normally I do not even mess with Javi Oliveira
Although Javi Oliveira I know is there for
some reason you know that I can not
understand my mind does not give me Jai
Oliveira defends Dallas with fire I do not
dislike him a complete mantra a complete
fallacy no I do not have him when he comments on
some things aboutas I try not to see it there
was a moment in which I said this
so that Jav Oliveira says Oh my God my
God Dallas how he has eaten it
woof woof woof This is what I said
when I was saying this live and I
said woof woof woof I was not
trying to do it like imitating a
dog or like leaving Javi Because
Javi is called a dog for the  of
D review dog I didn't do it with that intention
But there were people who were
understanding it that way and they told me No, there's no
need for you to take it away from me but I took it
away because I didn't want to create that
perception that I was
barking when I react or when I imitate what
this guy would be saying said
Javi Oliveira No no he said No I didn't say that
son of a [ __ ] what the [ __ ] Ricky edit said Wow
Wow what he gave Ricky
I want to hear how he says please don't do
woof woof no I don't think he even
sent me audio eh I think I want to understand that he didn't even
send me audio to Sergio I said It's
true that you barked live so
that he can tell me if it's true and he
told me no what audio is it true that you
said that Play the audio liar Play the
audio that wasn't an audio Ricky Here
too the other one is throwing triples it
wasn't an audio he sent me a message he
said Hey man It's true that you did this
and such And I told him no and I in fact
I in fact argued with Ricky edit
telling him I put the audio he says it's because of
this and he said to me [ __ ] you barked I
mean Ricky edit yes I thought he was
barking And I said no this is like if
I say wow wow wow He tells me yeah but that
's barking because associated with Javi it's
like you're barking and Ricky
tried to tell me that that was my
subconscious and I told him to
shut up I didn't say woof woof woof like Well
in this I believe too I do
believe it The truth is that it would seem to me it would
seem very gratuitous you know I mean
a person with whom you've
always gotten along now because you hang out with
these you know what I'm telling you I mean it's
not about believing it not
believing it for trusting it's that it wouldn't make
sense I don't know Javi V be careful man
always of course but the truth is no I would
n't see the
point it's that no account What would that be I
'm doing the imitation of Javi
the dog because I remember I would do
that is that I wouldn't do it Who do you dislike the most
Ricky or  delox I see them more or less the
same the same type of entry you know
I'm not I think Javi is right okay
in this cut in which they are
mentioning me I can understand that if they
tell Javi that I have started
barking when imitating her in a
live show, he will write to me and it is the same to me as
if it is the same as if it is the
opposite that I put myself here to is that I do
not know what jokes they will play on
Sergio or with What they will mess with him
in his lords of his channel and those things
Okay but I do not consume political topics and
such But I imagine that surely he
will have his war, he will have his nicknames I do not know
the truth I have no [ __ ] idea his
enemies you know
then Hi Javi the meji vergas wants to
debate with you if he is going to debate not to
worry that he will hear me
debating you know I mean I do not see it He does not
owe me anything either I mean if he
wants to fight with me
suddenly it could be You know I mean like he does
not have to lie in that
sense do you
understand me say brosky what is going on
here with Ricky Maybe we can  having
jokes like Oh come on, I don't know what, ric
mortadelo all these things because I find
funny the [ __ ] nicknames that the guy
from the review can give him and all that
stuff but I'm convinced that
Javi doesn't find it funny that I call him a
dog I start treating him like a dog
for free you being called a dog
affects you that's why you ask him to take it off it's
one thing would be if he criticized me which I do
n't see why he has to cut himself off
Sergio he doesn't have to cut himself off or rather
Hey Javi here is not right
Look what he's saying here you know what I'm telling
you I mean he's defending
Dallas here in this and this can't be it's like that
he has the freedom to
do it as long as there's no disrespect
another thing would be nicknames,
disrespect, humiliations or things like that you
know what I mean I mean that would be the
annoyance let's say annoyance in the sense
that you're attacking me for free I think
he would do it too you
understand but no that's not like that eh
Why didn't Javi ask me to take it off
I took it off because why not  I wanted
that piece to stay out of context
bro it's true very ugly very ugly that he goes around
talking bad about me behind my back if
what Ricky says is true eh I don't go around
talking in fact many times they do
criticize me like Ah But Javi
Oliveira what is this What is this other one and
I always tell them that I get along
with you okay I mean he has denied Ricky I
mean the one who has made Ricky look
like a liar again another one I mean I already
have my doubts not even that his name
is Ricky and I have here Some
screenshots at hand it comes very outer
Play today today comes with things
prepared today I did the homework first of
all we are going to give a point in favor of
these people gey and I don't know if you guys
consider it but for me Ricky [ __ ] himself the
moment he didn't go up to
space again and he was on Twitter for half an hour
posting things when he
could have easily gone up to
space I'm going to say something anyway I'm going to
break a lance here and I'm going to say for
me it's very low what both of them are doing
one  messing with the mother and the
other one messing with the children, for me you
're reaching levels that no, no, by
messing with the family. Look, I didn't
mess with the family nor have I ever done
with Ricky's family, I don't even know what they're like, do
you even understand? Yes, it's true
that there was one time, I don't know when it was and
what he had told me, right from the beginning,
that I'm debating with him, he's on
the subject of your wife, your children, your family, your
family, your wife, your children
constantly. So why would he jump,
okay, why would he jump, eh, or so that he would
see, okay, that it was unnecessary. Yes, there
was one time when I told him, well, isn't your
mother proud of you or
something like that? Okay, so it
's true that he took it, he got
really heated, and on top of that, the
debate with Dallas also happened, okay,
eh, Ricky has one thing and that's that
things don't frustrate him, he gets very frustrated
and does whatever it takes to avoid admitting that he
screwed up, that he looked bad or
whatever and then with the debate with Dallas,
eh, that's when he put a huge thread on me,
imo,
taking me out.  I know what he put me through
again, the thing about miare, no, surely and all
that, it's not
worth what you want, so he
mentioned that thing about that, it's not like
look how you've acted on my mother's behalf, I'm
going to report you, I don't know what, if you threaten me
again,
I don't know if it was before reading
the thread, it's that huge chunk of text or
after, but there was a live stream here, it would have been
good, uh, to have it
prepared here too, but I don't have it, but
if you have it, please send it to me and we'll
put it up. There was a live stream before or after
that, but it doesn't matter, yes, after
I said what I said about the mother, I said,
look, I'm sorry, I didn't feel comfortable
mentioning that either because I'm
precisely complaining that you're doing it to me.
So I apologize.
You should also apologize for the
times that you've done it to me, and let's
do something, let's kill each other,
Quezada, I support you on that with the children, it
's not true that Sada, that Sada, that Sada
said something, yes, let's see, we have it
here and I told him I said it here
live and I said, Let's kill each other  but
let's be like Norma not to mention
family and that's here in a live I do
n't know if anyone has located it
okay to put it here so it stays
here but that's here in a live
okay let's kill each other as much as you
want Okay but let's not mention
family that it hasn't reached him it
surprises me a lot that it hasn't
reached him but well he says that it hasn't
reached him I met you through the king of gossip
and I stayed because of the king of free V bares
the king of gossip Javi Oliveira
Greetings to my friend Javi he's banned
no oh my buddy got a little carried away I
saw him he got a little carried
away it's that I also tell you I also
tell you eh children are sacred chat I mean
gossip about whatever you want okay
gossip about whatever you want But
please don't talk about anyone's children
Okay be I understand thanks to my bits
you have a clip of Quesada x Ah you are
a kiss I spoke to him I spoke to him he
called me that the gossip is already going to more
personal matters And what if  this one is sleeping
with such and such And what if this one likes
threesomes and what if I don't know what Whatever but do
n't mess with anyone's children don't
mess with anyone's children, I mean no, don't even
mention them brother and if what and if they do it let it
be to defend the
children they have to defend them they have to
defend them from absolutely everything for
me I don't know what I don't know what you guys think
but for me it's not the same to mention
a mother as mentioning the children and
also when you're doing it constantly constantly constantly you
're doing it with
intention you understand me like but you don't have to
put that in here or I
mean thing and I would have reacted the same
as Javi Oliveira I don't get very
cringe-worthy the debates where there are two guys I mean
to me they give me a little cringe I
don't try to get past them and so on I mean
the new gossip debates where This is about it
seeming like some kind of let's
see who replies to you the most is more
disrespectful
Yes then at the end when
the debate ends it's you and all your followers
saying what a pap peada I just
destroyed him and the other one and all his
followers  buale [ __ ] destroyed I've
put the voice the roll of hosts No
maybe but Sergio but Ricky needs
that I mean Look for example when I
do the debate the first the second the
third in this one I've seen like another
change and the people are more unanimous
against Ricky and the horrible one the
scariest one the horrible one and noo spectacle
that he gave okay in the other occasions I've
always seen things as more divided
in the sense that there are people who
well because they like one better than the
other or and they lean more to one side than the
other okay but in this one I've seen it as
more unanimous you know in fact look at you
gibel himself says the logical thing I would have
reacted like Javi Quesada I
understand Javi's reaction
okay it's normal but the thing is I
'm not telling him nuna slowpoke those of us who have
always followed you know that you would
never mess with
anyone's family Javi ornament from the heart we want a
kiss Jordana I know you know it okay but
but Ricky does need that I mean he he
needs to run to Twitter
tell me I have  I put the bzal on him I
threw the Twitch account the likes
look I have more likes I earn more money
eh he needs to feel supported I
understand that it will be because of things that he has
experienced or whatever But he needs to
feel supported I sincerely watching
the debate that I saw I saw the call
again the next day I don't know if
at the gym and I don't remember who I
was watching react I don't know if it was to the
south I don't remember who I was watching
react to someone say Well look I'll take
a look that I haven't seen it and
then with what I
talked about I was more than satisfied I don't
need a pack of kids to come and
tell me well you did well or you
were based if I know perfectly well
Who was right on each point you
understand I mean no I don't need it to
be because I will have less likes Of course if I
have 500,000 followers he has 3
million or four not Ricky no what makes me feel
sorry for Ricky is that he is with someone
so famous having been around
and collaborating with the  things that he has
been collaborating that he has an account
now dedicated to the Dallas review and the
Dallas controversies and trying to
take down Dallas you know I feel
sorry I feel sorry you know So
what do I tell you Well I let him I
let him home and and it's okay I don't
know it's okay For example if in a
debate they tell you Aha I think this gets
more frustrated eh I mean the fact that the
other day the call I I think for
example with Dallas he has already become
infinitely obsessed forever until he
feels that he is above Dallas
or that he humiliates him more or or messes with
him more or something like that is not going to stop his
dedicated Twitter account I don't know I know how much
However you see Dallas and Dallas of course they
send him tweets and he comments or doesn't
comment but if it were up to Dallas he
would never mention Ricky
again and with me I tell you I say
that since
Thursday well he put a few tweets
the next day also uh
he lied about the photos of
his girlfriend being from 6 years
ago when he was a minor in  end a series of nonsense I
think he's going to become obsessed with me too
and I think
Ricky's account and channel is going to be Javi and dala Javi
and dala why Well when you see that it's
obsession because he can't get over it Then he's
going to need you
know [ __ ]
Sergio your mother must be proud
of what you're saying if they
tell you that you consider that they
are messing with your mother or a
low blow like that that derivation How do
you see memp an idiot you wouldn't
take it host my family who told him
proud he is that Rick didn't
tell me It's not the same as me telling
Ricky pu your mother I tell him
in response okay point number one I say
in response and him and Ricky What he
mentions many times is not for your
children they are not going to feel proud
When they see your content you are the Ricky
mentions many things to me you are a father, what a
father, what a Family Guy, what a husband, what
this, what the other You know, it already enters
touching the [ __ ]
you know your mother is
jav but it's that both put that if
your children proud of you your parents I don't
know  that both became relatives
but not contemptuous but proud they have to
be of you when they grow up and see you I don't
know what relatives but it is an attack it
was not the mother or the daughter but the
attack was exactly when he
started to tell Lorena if she had
horns and things like that I laughed but in the
sense that look what I tell you or rather I
am telling him with a knot he will
know with what he says because in the end it is
a it is a thing that is a thing that is
looking bad in public He you know but
we are older people and anyway and in the
end he is calling a cuckold Well he is
calling me unfaithful no well you know that neither either
But well it is his his base
no but with children it is different maybe he does
not understand it because he is another
child who could also
be a person but using such
but if your daughter were in x situation she
used that exactly
jorio But why if you want to tell him
you are an idiot you tell him and that's it
because he will know that it hurts I think not because of
biting it could
be the same as Ricky you can see the
proactive attitude of trying to get
the person out of his boxes with  the one who
normally debates not seud all the time consi At
one point jav told her Ela in the morning I'll
stop
FR the
two of us I see jav too and I say if I
were arguing with Javi now I would
drown him right now I've
heard Javi sometimes
I was as calm Sergio as
anyone can be in a debate but
apart It's that almost always or rather the
only time I got Upset and
serious was to tell him that if he wanted I would
get in the car but it's not that it's not a
hothead I won't even repeat it
And if he wants I'll tell him wherever he wants and
in a trial I'll tell him wherever he wants it
's not a hothead I mean I just have to
get in the elevator which I have here
at the end of the hall and from the elevator to the
car and I get off wherever I have to get
off you understand or you know it doesn't
cost me anything a while it costs me hours or
whatever okay but no what attitude do
I have in a debate What attitude if we
just saw a click one and it was like that the
whole time you understand Not me the
fact Look I sincerely the  day that
a person that I'm supporting
looks bad in a debate or is not
right on some point of the debate I will
say it And that's it Okay But why do we have to
why is it so hard for us to admit
things it ended badly he didn't have a single point
in the debate with Dallas or with me
neither of them not a single point damn he made it up
almost everything he was lying as he went along you
know what I mean So then by not
saying that the other one came off so so so
bad we tried to find a tie what a
tie no no no we
both had the same attitude we both didn't have it it's not
comparable it's not the same
attitude let's not look for a tie what a tie there
was nothing else it's that you guys would have
emphasized wrong yes and the one who would have made a
fool of myself would have been me for sure you
know what I mean but it wasn't a tie it wasn't a
tie Not necessarily aer And such But
sometimes I listen to it and I say you're an [ __ ]
with affection eh but like you're not
arguing with the it really pisses me off
when I see that when I see two people
who aren't arguing because they want to
get there I'm listening to you you
're listening to me  and even if we don't
get to [ __ ] and fights and such at
least there's some communication when
it is I'm not listening to you The
only thing I want to do your friend is to
spout the most twisted [ __ ] I have to make
you feel bad or to try to
get this point off you that you know
has absolutely nothing to do with your
friend your friend didn't answer me either
and didn't I was getting a message from
utbh I don't know what you know you won
when these say both are wrong but that
comment Yes I've seen it a lot
the thing of saying both both are
[ __ ] no no [ __ ] both no [ __ ] [ __ ]
with the subject but I bring it up because here I
'm right it seems to me that this is
repeated a lot with the gossip issues, that is to
say I argue with you something and I stay
in a [ __ ] to gain a point
over you Although that has
absolutely nothing but giving you the reason
implies giving Dallas the reason
indirectly many times and that is not
so willing to do it ever Not
necessarily Not necessarily
nothing to do with the subject that we
should supposedly be
discussing and it seems to me that
Javi does that a lot too  I also see
Ricky do it and I also see it in
general when we discuss gossip, people have been doing
that [ __ ] for a long time. Yes, yes, yes, everything
Ricky did in the debate, everyone
debates. Exactly the same,
talking over you, telling you that
you're 40 years old, get a hearing aid, grandpa, you
're wrong. It's not the word
factor, it's the factor. It doesn't come out because you're 40 years old, get a hearing aid, your teeth. Yes, yes, absolutely everyone in
the
gossip world when we're arguing we do exactly the same. Yes, yes, what's the whole
no, ...  same It's
that Sergio doesn't suit me with a
Ricky and with a delox you
know what I mean No, it doesn't suit me And what
happens well at a certain moment Well he
doesn't care about [ __ ] Well look, in a
debate I can use things If I could
tell everything that one and the other says to me
in private but many times maybe I
prefer to take the host and
stay quiet and have my click
looking bad before using something
maybe you know but of course like at that
moment Ricky needed little of me and not
only did he tell on me that you talked
to him about having talked to me
but on top of that by lying he left you
sold out and left you in a
bad way
[ __ ] between Dallas and I we don't do
that 3400 viewers and 600 likes kiss kiss
thank you very much and 3400
members eh if I'm not mistaken
eh To tell me that's why that's why eh you
deleted an audio of
his and I said no no he sent me an audio he
sent me a message and he didn't tell me to
delete the audio you see it It wasn't an audio and
already  the best thing is to discuss for half an
hour about whether it was an audio or not
or if it was a text message, it's
irrelevant, you know, it doesn't matter if it
was an audio or a message and it doesn't matter
because it's [ __ ] and it
's not something relevant to discuss.
It's simply a tool that is
used to try to get the other to
get out of the other's place, touch them here,
touch me there. That makes me very
nervous because by
doing that I want to kill you. I didn't mind
that Ricky brought up a
private conversation of yours that was like indistinct, not
because in the end it was something that you had already
talked about with Javi, you already had it arranged
as
if to and it wasn't the first time he brought it up, it was the first time that I answered him because I let it go two or three times it was in his live shows he has already done it in his live shows he has let it drop about the conversation he has let it drop in his live shows several times you know
what happens I let it go I
let it go so as not to involve Sergio and it
was the first time that I answered him
because I was already live you know
but he has done it several  times he has
done it several times and I was
asking him about liy if I'm not mistaken
and in that one he calls me uh in that one he doesn't
want to answer me and he's telling me
something about my age something about my hair something about my
nose well among other things well he
barked at me he called me dog and then I called him a
clown and then he tells me without
answering me to what you said about liis well it started does it
bother you not that they call you dog because you
wrote to who do you think you
get along with but you don't get along and he
criticizes you behind behind your back And you told him to
delete Wow of course Then I say no we do
n't answer this and Ah now we
continue you understand but it seems that
you're
lying at least on my
part to have one more point within the
debate I don't know it's like they resort to
certain things that I was with Ricky in
Bratislava and with more Pea that we had
gone there for a Win Max event and
so on and I was just in a queue to
pay the entry to a tournament when
suddenly I said [ __ ] I have a message from
Javi and it was for this
and it's true that Ricky Used it in a
way more like I had
told him that Sergio lied that he lied Damn What a lie
Sergio lied damn
Look he's asking me I don't know what
malicious no but of course he's in an
argument with Javi in a roll that
the two of them are that he has done it several times that I
already answered him for the first time
but that I had already let it fall More
times since that
day trying to catch each other trying to get angry
trying to twist this
trying to twist this other thing I mean to say I do
n't either I mean then I ran into
Ricky and he said Hey man I'm sorry if I
bothered you and such I said maybe some
[ __ ] you know but it's a but it's that
you're the the tone of the debate itself
is [ __ ] but let's start and
that it's not a debate itself it's a
discussion of it's a discussion of people and we
all give cringe when we fight with
other people eh we all give absolute
cringe when we fight with other
people and these discussions and seeing who's
right and Who has won and who has
n't starts from the beginning that in
these pseudo debates there is no
real moderator someone who is totally
impartial and that  give the floor to one
so the other can That's why we have
the meme of the vidm this one of Open your bitm
Open your
bitman Sergio is at the border Javi
at the
time his thing his thing me
personally eh He doesn't give him any
reason What's up my
beautiful Marina tomorrow I'll salt them sweetheart
okay I'm not going to say your message but okay a
kiss beautiful a
kiss I don't know if I'm the only one who notices that
you're trying to justify all of
Ricky's stupidities just as you complain
that you can defend Dallas
Eh well let's see here he tells me the
following Look at this is a video that they
sent me before
then there's this part of Dallas you know the
part of Dallas incompetent the part of
Dallas you know Lerdo the part of Dallas in
his
no you did
n't see that Javi oliveira defended
both what happened to ra's mom and the
death threats
man What do you want me to
tell you Well tell him it's a lie that I
neither defended the death threats
nor defended the comment to
raed's mother look look at what they're saying in
the chat you did that well those of you who are
here  you know that no but they are creating it
that mantra they are always creating it they are always creating it
So if you don't know, say he has
done that Jai I didn't know
okay minimize it only don't
even minimize it okay I mean not even
minimize it obviously the issue of
hitmen seems completely
ridiculous to me to take it seriously I mean one thing
is that Dala in his anger and in his
moves and in the vocabulary that he has that I
think is terrible that he expresses himself like that
when he is in a debate okay Eh well
when he is in a debate and or or that
speaking he can say well I'll take you and I'll
kill you and I'll blow you up and I'll stab you three
times which are things that he himself
has already said afterwards that he is not going to do it
obviously He hasn't done it in a
decade we have been waiting for a
decade for him to do something like that okay but eh
another thing is that he does it But the fact
of taking the issue of
hitmen seriously that he is going to hire a
hitman who is going to disguise them as fast
man look what luares just found for me
now I put it luar
and Of course he is about the  hitman Of course I do
n't take it seriously, it's not that I'm
defending him, it's that you're giving me the [ __ ] today while
recording the news I was trying to
watch the part about the other guy
saying that he wanted to dress up the
hitman as a fast food guy
and I was here crying laughing I
got crazy you know that no no No no it
's that there are people commenting on that as if it
were a serious possibility You understand me
Like a real guy, then the
guy here takes Dallas and says What if I have a hitman, why aren't you dead yet and he says because you don't have contact with the hitman I mean it seems to me like inventing that the Three Wise Men came to the house and left the camel in the living room, really
there are things already I mean it seems
perfect to me that Dallas is being criticized for the
comment the message that ra sent him about
the stabbing I'll take you and stab you twice he
's super dem more super horrible super
aggressive saul a kiss okay And
obviously dasas when he's
angry and when he's  fighting with
someone has a vocabulary that I see
that apart from being ugly is that it does not benefit him
okay but to say that you have found out or
rather the first thing is to talk to each other for me the
main point of the issue of the hitmen
is ret and delox talking to each other because if
delox cares a lot about pambi
now he is talking to a member of
pambi who was super involved in the
pambi thing then
eh What are we left with, are you with the pambi thing
or is he very involved in the case against pambi or not
and raet has done the same as
delox Okay and between the two of them they have called
each other a scammer 1 times so
for me the point of the hitmen the most
important thing is not whether they exist or not which
obviously makes me
laugh the point of the the point of
the hitmen is eh these two
talking to each other okay but to me the comment
about RAE's mother since I did not
defend him seems like a [ __ ] outrage of
comments now within the fact that there is a [ __ ] outrage
of comments it seems like
a [ __ ] outrage of comments
comments that have been made to each other
okay And no  comments that have been made
to each other but comments that are made
throughout this fight but it only stands
out and is the topic of the day when it is
a comment from Dallas like finally
finally we have something against Dallas that we are
going to destroy it damn it seems like
Antonia [ __ ] Then why weren't
people shocked when the guy with
glasses
is here for God's sake Omar Well but don't say
that Omar Javi the best had his opinion on
the hitmen it's true I have to
see it so I don't forget Rodrigo it's
true so I don't forget can you
put it for me Lu in a link please the best I think I've
seen the account
ouf please the thing about the hitmen they really
say that your opinion doesn't matter but they
are waiting to see what you think Yes yes
my opinion does matter that's why they want to
discredit me that's why they want to try to
discredit me all the time tripping me stepping on me
leave me
alone you know if these issues of the
youtubers are the ones that
I see the least future here on the
internet listen to me
and Dallas will have priorities raed put
Diana in and nobody said anything to her but that the
things nothing else matters when he
says it that's what I always say I don't
approve of everything Dallas does and how he
does it and everything he says but it
's true that if you put Dallas against
Delo and I have no choice but to side with
Dallas a kiss sea you put Dallas
against r and I have no choice but to side
with Dallas you put Dallas against
Ricky edy and I have no choice but to side
with Dallas Well the thing is that they are pathetic do you
understand me apart from the hitmen thing You
think you think that Dasas was
going to complicate Delox's life damn he's
had people in his life who have given him
more trouble infinitely much
more he's had people who have given him
infinitely more trouble than Delo he's
a blunderbuss he's a loser who doesn't do
any harm what they're telling you that
Ricky and Delo they're telling you
that the police stations in Andorra close at
3 in the afternoon that tomorrow they have a
restraining order and then the next day
no that those people are worthless no  they do no
harm none of them they talk nonsense they
make up nonsense for little kids
but the people in our audience who
are older well don't go in look
This is
worth it And when you told Ricky about
not being able to show the audio because it
showed personal things and he was
needling you to say
exactly what you want me to tell you
the way he
has What do you want me to tell you I think
Javi Oliveira doesn't have eyes to see
this Well I think he does
man but he must have his [ __ ] reasons to be
defending this you know
the reason is that the others are
pathetic Sergio but man the truth is
I don't understand why Sergio defends
this with what he had with Joan Plana
when Joan Plana told him Sergio I'm going
to dedicate the whole week to video because
criticism doesn't have a quota I'm going to
dedicate the whole week to you all week I didn't
want video Well take a week of
video and now it seems okay to you that
Dallas is a single topic on a bunch of
channels do you understand when it
bothered you when you were the single topic
then these are things that I don't understand
watch this watch
this with Ricky now  I'll talk I imagine he
would be seeing Ricky What I think was
happening to him is that he, he's not a person
that he is, he can't get
over being humiliated, being put
down And he can't get over that
So I knew and I told him I don't
remember who it
was, not because you
scream, no no no it wasn't a stutter for sure that, do
n't say a name because no one by one
because I'm not going to, I'm not going to get into that I
understand that people talk about me I
understand what I'm doing I understand that I
'm always moving I saw her and all that
stuff that there are channels dedicated to
me and live shows every weekend that
things happen don't say that your stupid thing to
talk eh Well, that thing about Ricky
got really heated eh Because because it
looked bad I, I think that he didn't even
feel that bad at that moment he didn't put
anything on me okay e
[Music]
already that thing about me mentioning the mother he
says to Dallas at one point during the
debate okay from here in case
Ricky gets to him you hit him all [ __ ] day that if
the dog that if the collar that if you  daughter is
going to see that if I don't know what I don't know
how much it's worth the whole [ __ ] day on the
poster announcing the debate with millions
of followers a necklace a bowl is worth it
then I'm not going to mention
your family again The next time you
mention mine we're going to have a
problem and I don't give a damn about the
thread that makes me cry that you do to me
here the gold that I don't give a damn
Exactly the same I assure you that I don't
give a damn Exactly if you think that
with the thread I'm going to keep quiet I don't know
what I don't give a damn completely and if I
have to tell you three things I'm going
to tell you the same anyway okay eh yes I told you that it
was because you don't stop touching the
dick mentioning that if you are a father that if
your daughter that if I don't know what that if I don't know
how much it's worth I warn you now from here
but I warn you now from here whoever
goes beyond real life is going to
find me but real life is going to find me
whether it's in a court of law or it will be
somewhere else where where it has to be you
understand me the one who  understand it understood whoever
understands it understood okay And that's how it is
and I don't care if it's a Ricky
Eddie or if it's him
no with with with this
kid's family I mean it's content it's content
in fact when things calm down I'll
write to him and tell him Okay perfect I'm not
going to mention this anymore but you don't
mention this anymore This is fine you can tell me
whatever the [ __ ] you want if I don't care it's that you can't
get
an idea to the extent that I don't care what's
said about me And there are like 28
channels putting out videos every day about what
Jai Oliveira thinks I haven't seen
that on any gossip channel that
cares about the opinion of Nobody you
understand me I haven't seen that now
with mine no but it's that then we
go to real life and I ruin my
life eh but it's that I ruin my life it
's that I don't give a damn to
a limit that I eat
content you
tell me want
part a certain
way I think I think there was another
time when I did it in a more
forceful But well practically Yes of course of course I know I
said it of course I know I
said it but it's a desire to look for oneself it's
going to humiliate a lot and he won't be able to
overcome it if there isn't more
not a moment in which that stops having
meaning dec okay I open mine and at the same time you
open this
other one I'm going to God it made me very
nervous
Element
Dee
trying to distort it's trying you
express your opinion to me and a referee has
another one and answering what for each one
for example 30 seconds for you Hey
talking about debates c when you do
spaces with the
pambiitos tell them to make you cohost
because the sons of [ __ ] okay I think that's it I think he's already
here with the
subject This ut I think that's it But
well he will know or rather he will know I'm
not going to change my attitude with him nor am I
going to
attack him at least I'm not going to
attack him nor am I going to change my attitude with him
or anything like that what what happens
well if he starts telling me that he doesn't
understand why I with dasas that dasas
does this that dasas does  the other thing Look
dasas does things wol does things Ricky
does things delox does things
eh everyone gets along with who they
want to get along with you
understand So without
further ado then without
further ado
m the thing about the better is true Let's see I think I
saw it on the nauter flay account
No yes
have you seen chat where it seems that Dallas
has sent hitmen
to nter
playo I'm almost
sure it's
fake
man so that the better ones have more lights
than a lot of
people things are really screwed up
eh so that the better ones have more lights
than a lot of people things are already really
screwed up eh but man if ra himself
said it when he debated with dala if ra
himself
said it ghost imo yeah I also think the
same I think the
same there's no chance of it being true
hitman chat you know when you find out that they've
hired a
hitman when you're in the hole
exactly exactly look at you and
telling yourselves that it doesn't make sense a
[ __ ] sense and on top of that ra would have kept
quiet for 4 months and now suddenly
you know You're in the hole with  your head
you find out I do
n't
know deir what happens dasas hires a
hitman and then the hitman goes to him, he tells delox,
delox, delox that
Dallas hired me and delox publishes a tweet it's
stupid I think it's fake as fu it's
absurd dude
really he doesn't have a clue but
from the first
moment from the first moment everything everything everything
everything following
delox's lead the thing is that apparently he tried to
charge the hitmen but he was very rat and did
n't want to pay them chat no it's a
lie let's go so it was like for 2000
[Laughs]
bucks you know but part of it is
absurd dude I mean to spend 2000 euros on a
hitman when you can
sue him dude I mean it doesn't make
sense and how do you find out about that he goes to the
hitman and tells delox he sends a
message to the hitman and says look delox
hired me daras to kill you but he did
n't want to pay me and I'm telling you no it's that
the situation doesn't exist Of course there is no
action it's
impossible I mean dude for the best to
have more lights  that a lot of people have been
giving this a hard time eh
man so that the
m That's so you get it looked at
already
eh That's so you get it looked at already Look at
everything
eh Okay family that auron Play No but
that delox is the white one who looks like he's
carrying an iPhone they're missing calle raed
plays with something that doesn't make
sense that between aurom it
would be the [ __ ] but it wouldn't be the [ __ ]
but no eh But well I've noticed nerves
eh around there a little eh I've noticed a little
nerves around there eh you've
eaten it a little eh It's that today I had breakfast with
Miliki today I had breakfast with Miliki
Look at this you guys have this
you guys have literally this you guys have
literally
eh it could happen Eh any day
eh it could happen eh any day
eh I me the thread of the funa
Eh well I can't tell you anything I'll
tell you but look at you eh look at you how
things are that it reminded me of the
places not this attempt  from
community note so pathetic when I gave the
exclusive How long has it been since the exclusive
Look 21 of 9 well almost more than half a
month I have not given an exclusive man I think that
the issue of community notes we are
going to take it as a meme
obviously
but but tremendous tremendous garbage and
tremendous is that of
course I imagine that it cannot be controlled
that anyone can sign up for that
no And if you are very active on Twitter then you
get it No but notice that
when I gave the
exclusive the
followers of gemita got very angry The followers of
kin Lee especially eh followers
of kin Lee giving me notes look
source two points of the wishes Mr.
Javier oliveira makes unfounded statements.com
You think this is
a community note man when
you want to comment there are the responses to the
tweet Mr. Javi oliveira accuses
the streamer gemita of being
unfaithful without proof and has deleted the tweet several
times because it is full of people
commenting his uncle eat my balls man
How annoying man when I mean the
exclusives work like this without further ado
exclusives work like this without further ado okay I mean I
'm giving you the exclusive because
I have the information no you
can't put a Wikipedia link there
that says Oh Javi Javi Javi gets it from
Javi I am the source that always
confirms and when I'm giving you
an exclusive about this and I'm
telling you Auron and Gemita have broken up Auron and
Gemita are together Auron I don't know who the
other I don't know how many there are because I can
take the plunge Okay so now it
's trending If you had been subscribed
to this channel you would have known for a
month
then throw
it like Ari and Juan's divorce I said it exactly the day before I said it the day before Ari and Juan without any indication eh without any indication that anyone there were rumors on Twitter suck my balls Ari and Juan are getting divorced and tomorrow they're going to do
a live show and they're going to confirm it they
opened a live show they didn't talk about anything
during the live show I don't know I don't know how much at the
end of the live show they confirm the divorce
just like your favorite gossip channel told you
subscribe right now all
you voyeurs who are here  ok
you just have to subscribe I don't
have Twitch Okay I lost
Twitch then man it would be nice since
now we don't have twit Okay now that we don't have
Twitch well man it would be nice if
you became a member I say come on
Javi about the community notes what the
hell
is it seems they bother me too much let's see the the
idea the idea and the approach
is good the idea and the approach It's good
what happens is that it doesn't work
why Because look at the
community notes that they were putting to me the
other day lying about the reason for my
ban and well and about Juan I remember
a community note that they put to me
about Juan eh guarnizo which was a
comment that was made and well the
fans of Juan guarnizo denied it to me in
the community note and that's it
because it works based on the
votes that have many more
votes and come on jui So it's
crap I mean yes it's good but of course it's
crap the worst thing is that they
want to put that in it is poorly applied Well
I imagine they will have it  that to polish and
based on the reports, then take them away from
people, I don't know the truth, I have no
[ __ ] idea but it's that they're going to put it on
YouTube Look at YouTube The one that was worth that
eh with all the people there are who
cut this to give an understanding of the
other thing, trust yourself on YouTube eh YouTube on
YouTube they're going to put it well coincidentally
on today's newscast We were watching
this clip of Gemita okay the
newscast Javier gave two versions of the
ban So which one of course I haven't
given two versions I've only given one
creature I've only given one yes it's
true that at the moment when
Twitch left I said eh [ __ ] Why did they
ban me because I threatened you but
then in the same live When I read the
email Already being here with the others
when he left I said oh it doesn't have
sexual content what happens is that the
basaltics listen to me eh I put this clip
today We were commenting on this
today on the news eh without knowing what
was going to happen next as you know yesterday I
couldn't stream I was busy being
unfaithful too soon to make
promos Ho you can already
drop jokes eh joke joke advice from
your psychologist stop that at least
look at the problem of me not having not
given that your psychologist has told you to
grab the meme this auron has not
found it funny eh auron posted a tweet
saying host Before before
today's live auron already posted a tweet
saying Wow people with the jokes
public notions is because giving det or
rather giving det or rather giving
public explanations means taking out many
more private things that I believe should not be
taken out publicly and if I
say the most what everyone expects
Nobody is going to believe me so if I
go out and say this is this is a lie and
this is a lie but not to give more details
because people in the end what they want what they
need is for me to back up
Why has this been published or
why has this been said means going into
much more personal details where it
implies much more beyond and apart from that I do
n't only tell anyone I go out and
deny things the people who are
throwing me  [ __ ] and whoever thinks I've done
those things is going to keep thinking it
so to get out of saying that but not
going into detail of all the
situations I prefer to remain silent, I am a
public figure and obviously my
private life or my self in general is exposed
what is being done to me is a
public trial for things that nobody knows
because the truth is that nobody knows anything
or rather the truth is that everything is very
misguided that everything has been
speculated from a photo and a
tweet and that regardless of what has
happened I believe that nobody deserves to have
a public trial for things that
happen in their private life whether good
or bad that you may have done better or
worse And these are people who have more to do with keeping
quiet than speaking so when
you have that false double morality of
saying [ __ ] if here we were all
exposed for things we have done wrong
or that are believed to have been done wrong
We are all screwed I mean there is no one left here there is
no living puppet the
internet is going down it's going down for me the
important person is Ral eh ra and I know
everything there is people don't know anything
because that's the
reality  Nobody knows what we've been through
Nobody knows what's happened nobody
knows the situation we're in right now but
well public figure and haven't you felt
that this has been taken advantage of to
bury you because you stand out host the
elevation you don't know how good it is that in the
end the masks always fall the
masks always fall I've spoken
with people who have suffered
funas who have seen themselves in the masks
always fall veiled or involved in affairs
and one of the things you take away eh from
these things is that you see the Real face of
the people luckily for me no
important person has fallen because
important people have
nothing to do with this world I mean my
reality is outside the Internet But I have had
surprises and I've
spoken about this with people who have suffered
funas I can't stand hypocritical and
fake people and there are many of those in every bad
situation there is always a good side and the
good side is that you open your eyes wide
with a person Total that says emit that his
psychologist has recommended him to take
things with humor make jokes about the
subject and also eh Well he says be
careful  that only she and Auron are the
ones who really know what has happened
between them Okay what's going on well
Auron today didn't take
her jokes well And then let's see what
Auron says about Only she and I know
what has happened
blame letter of feminism in three a
little bit a little bit in fact she said like
Auron already threatened her at the
time because this last month I have been
very absent the truth and it's good to
rest I mean
I support that all
streamers and content creators
should rest but mine really has
n't been a rest I mean I rested
in
August my well-deserved vacation from my
point of view What happens is that
September has been a very very very
screwed up month the truth is I was
commenting on this in the exclusive according to what I
told you Auro has been bad he hasn't been on
rest he's been screwed okay a month
where I haven't rested
where You
just have to keep in mind that
Auron when he came back and confirmed the
breakup okay after
me after me the breakup between Auron and
Gemita
I gave it I think I didn't give it I think  that I didn't give it I
knew it for days but I think I didn't give it I did
n't give it I didn't give that one I gave it the
brother I knew I was about to give it or
not give it but they didn't Auro wasn't
well and with Auron I have a
different relationship than the one I maybe have with
other streamers well he is a person that I
appreciate we are not friends a
person that I appreciate I have
cordiality with him but yes it is true
like the brother took And put that photo
of the ones with the horns not of the
goat let's say no then everything you
insinuated already jumped Yeah let's see I knew it for
days before that the brother put
that ADO bad with which uh it has been like
a mandatory break you know that I have had to
take well for something that
you can already imagine the truth but well
as someone said in a donation
the sun always ends up rising and I believe
that what you have to do is always important important
important I am seeing a lot of
people in the chat who are not
subscribed subscribe I
am not seeing you I am seeing a
handful of people who are not subscribed
subscribe damn it is  look forward
keep the good things
and that's the truth what else I wanted to
clarify This is a topic so to speak that I do
n't like to talk about my personal life you know I mean I've been
with a person for 10 years who is Sara and I do
n't I mean it wasn't even about uploading photos it wasn't even I mean
I always like to be
private Hey everyone who put
Sara down and all that stuff how are you
because today it has been shown that in the end
Sara calm down chill they haven't slept
with each other they consider themselves friends in
private the truth is I don't like to talk
about my private life it disgusts me because it's
like opening a door
where once you open it like
everyone has the right to enter you know eh
And and I don't like that because it gives me a
feeling of insecurity no
Like people are entering into a
very personal territory No but in this case eh Well well
yes I would like to clarify
nothing quickly a couple of things no longer
for anyone in particular because I don't
owe explanations to anyone the truth
is it's for me so I can continue moving
forward and so that  world don't get carried
away because sometimes it's
true that there are days when it gets a
little bit difficult it's not like chewing meat and it's
what you say damn I can't
swallow this you don't chew you chew you chew
and you can't
swallow you don't believe I was
even thinking about having children with geman and
conin it was so intense and with her it lasted
longer he got really hard but
apart from that I'm going to tell you more it's not on a
personal level that I know he got really hard
okay that it's Costa that he got hard
okay And he's super excited I mean He
loved gemita man but the thing
is that professionally they let her
get into your channel
Javi will never experience this who knows who
knows maybe My wife kicks me out
and
suddenly it's cool can you imagine Let's see in
our case we have children in the middle
so Those things are
normally seen but what the thing
is that he
got her into sharing photos
sharing posts do you
understand sharing posts with
auron Play a Random
you know uploading
shared posts gave her fame it didn't give her  more
gave him an is that dude I think that if
once Auron Play shares a
post with you
dude it has to be that
no t much no too much
eh guys nothing nothing nothing I'm not telling you anything I'm not telling
you anything I'm not telling you anything
Okay I'm not telling you anything I'm going to look at the
members okay one moment I'm seeing
that there are 4000 hipi here Look right now I'm
going to see how many members there are in the
channel
eh [ __ ]
2569 eh
2569 almost 1000 less
eh almost 1000 fewer members eh I
mean eh I have to update the
bar because of course it seems that it just
celebrated a month
of big gifts I mean there was like a
week where you gave away 2000 members
I understand why the other day it dropped 1000 one
day suddenly and now another 1000 another day
suddenly This is decadence eh guys
total decadence
total decadence I would like to stay away from generating
hate or anything like that you know
that is not my way of doing things
because ah it is important now  that you are being
Far from General hate is
that you have to keep in mind that the
day that Auron returned and confirmed the
breakup that I stayed there with what I said I did not
give it and I was going to say it
before he simply confirmed the
breakup well things have not
worked out I do not know what it was when gre put that
those bits do you remember But he
really did not want to throw too many
sticks in fire as they say because he
knows what could fall on her
So she could have kept her
mouth shut not mentioned anything else and
suddenly with that [ __ ] my
psychologist recommends that I make a joke
about this subject and it is not like that since
I am on Twitch I have simply tried to
entertain I have gotten into some trouble
well I suppose so but it has always
been either unintentionally or because of things that look that have had to
come and that's it but
I would like to do, I mean, far from I
tell you about generating hate or anything
I would like to make a reflection and the
reflection that I want to make is It is about
love The truth is who would have said it
not that I was going to end up talking about
love but despite  despite the
circumstances and despite everything
that's happened
Ah Love is one of the most
wonderful things that can happen to a
human being the truth I mean no I will never change
that point of view never no matter what
happens love is one of those things
that makes you
eh well when you truly feel it or
when you think you're with the person
it's an absolutely
wonderful thing oh he has given away 50
members be it
ortellado a kiss gorgeous a kiss
[ __ ] if they give away 50 members A bunch of
people we would have already recovered how
many of us there were almost 6000 members we were last
year Uy last year
last month eh almost 6000 members eh I think that's
a number that we will never touch again
but thank you very much seba A huge kiss
a kiss says tesa one each and we'll
fix it
tesa that's up to you Okay my
weapon That's up to you we're close to
members eh that was true enis
eh if you haven't experienced it you'll
see that it's a sensation  It's a
feeling of euphoria it's a feeling eh
of well-being of maximum happiness you don't
reach peaks that
otherwise are very difficult to reach and it's
wonderful what happens every time because
things happen and I would like to clarify
a couple of things
eh For the first and last time I'm not going to
touch on this subject again The truth is that if I
open Stream tomorrow it will be to go for a few
runs with my friends and if I don't open it
will be to rest and come back on Monday
okay I mean I'm not going to touch on
this subject again under any circumstances but it
's true that I think
that there are some things that we do have to
talk about very briefly and
very lightly because obviously I
can't talk about the personal lives of
others But yes I can at least
clarify a couple of points that I think I
should clarify I think let's go I
'm not obligated
But honestly I'm going to do it
I would have loved this on the
first day from the first day the truth is
she asked for it eh getting your
heart broken is part of
life we've all had our hearts broken
at some point and it's a learning experience I mean you
don't have to see it as something bad it's
a learning process where you become stronger
where you learn why they broke it for me
what happened and it makes you reflect
on many bad things that I can
improve That one Wait wait for the heart
of in a second but first a round of applause
from the entire chat to Ivn llamas who has
given away 50 more members we are
talking about that in a pleas Plus in a pl
Plus 100 members have been given away here
in this channel eh could this be the
live stream where we reach
6000 no way no [ __ ] what a
big smoke I just took 6000 Ivn
we are at 2500 and something dude 20000 and something channel
in decline channel in decline
channel a round of applause for Ivn a round of applause
for Ivn the other person was bad that
can also
happen and you who are reading me I mean I'm
sure that you too or they
have broken it and I'm sure that you are going to break it they
just gave away Miku another 50
members guys I don't know how to
take it says I Nothing we are ruined
channel in decline Ivan but
Miku just gave away too, I mean
normally I usually ask
people to give away, like for example there are
4200 people here right now tesa
how much would that be if each one gives away five
members if each one gives away five
members that costs one euro each no no I'm not complaining I'm not complaining I'm not complaining I'm not complaining I'm not
complaining I'm saying that normally I
ask people to give each one away
but of course if we go 50 by
50 I end up here live naked waxing
and it's another thing to rip out a heart eh And
literally throw it on the floor spit on it
and [ __ ] on yourself okay And that's
basically what happened to me I mean
basically I
placed all my trust I opened the
doors of my life to a person I gave them
all the love that I had in my
being well and it turned out that this person
Well basically used me like a
circus puppet The truth and that's it And
that's the summary of it all I mean sometimes
you take these hits and you take them and
just  you have to learn from them is that you have no
other choice What do you do You know what you
do you can't do anything and like I saw
the other day she did Stream and
talked like a good girl she even made
jokes and stuff which by the way I
recommend she change psychologists
and pom pom Of course because for the psychologist
this is just a laugh no come on let's
make a joke eh let's all laugh here [ __ ]
well well I eh I would like
the psychologist to see The last month that
I spent the truth that she saw me at
the Rubius event how I was that she
saw me in many circumstances of the
[ __ ] month that I spent that I haven't
even been able to work I have had to cancel
projects
eh I have had to lose many
opportunities because I didn't see myself with the
strength to do anything eh with which I
think it is I do
n't think it's an issue at least
they say that my co is said my traumas my
jokes No now but the trauma no no does not
belong to the other person the
trauma belongs to me if I have to make
a joke In any case I have to
do it
[Music]
no God of my
life God of my life
gentlemen  let's recap eh let's recap
change psychologists okay what the [ __ ] are you
laughing at You were the one who
behaved badly you took my heart you
stepped on it you shat on my heart
okay who the [ __ ] are you laughing
on top of the trauma
Shameless to laugh you laugh me
who the trauma is mine no I mean this is
tremendous I don't know if we should watch any
other part of auron because I
wrote down some account somewhere I'll see if I
have it handy here and we'll watch it okay
minu minu
Play
minu minatsu Play let's see what
little things minatsu has posted
and Let's review because There might be
something we left behind and
now we'll see by gemita responded to
this be careful and gre also gave his
opinion on this okay gre also gave his opinion on
this let's go back let's go back let's go
back we continue tomorrow if I feel
better that I'm fine I insist
that I'm not dying today's ch has
shown great strength and temperance
defeat as that famous chef would say and
come on you  I accept
that before retirement a hug from an
old Mao tasty big Rosa Garay
great friend eh Well tomorrow if the
cold improves I'm going to ask Focus to
help me organize some little races
that I think could be fun and
also look good and if not then we'll see each other
on Monday okay depending on the cold eh It
's nothing else so nothing friends
Take care Thank you very much for being here and
these three little things that you know are
also for you there are little
pieces that belong to each one of
you So thank you very much friends
A kiss and if I feel better we'll
see each other tomorrow and if not we'll see each other on Monday
be happy friends Take care Bye bye
dogs I think this is something
necessary it's like it's not that for me
public judgments This is something necessary
that he had to get out eh I mean this is
something that was inside and it was
completely necessary to get it out eh it's
like it's not that
for me public judgments don't seem right okay
okay to upload a photo
Instagram that wouldn't cost you that much right
[Music]
I'm scared eh I'm scared I'm
scared  auron Play and Juan
guarnizo
[ __ ] from
now on studs studs okay
both of them going both of them going
studs
lost come on babe
and breaking hearts [ __ ] but it's that
my son is that you should have known this
you should have known it of course it would have
been ideal to have known it no
boy how do you share
stories and promote it you
know so much Juan Auro in his Prime Well
a little hurt still a little
hurt no that didn't cost that much not to upload
a photo with auron let's not touch
balls go on I'm old I'm
old go on I'm not
a
fool I'm very old many thanks for
reflecting on love I was going through
a bad time and your reflection has
helped me see things
differently many greetings since
sometimes I play the fool does not mean that
I am what happens is that I am very
good at playing the fool but I
am not Hey melon a little greeting May God
bless you After all, uploading a photo
with someone very well known having a
public trial why because people
can take it well or badly and  Exactly Exactly that's what I
said uh
what moment was it I don't remember
Why it was something this this this same thing
I said at some point that I said
listen to me I said it exactly uh also
uh I said it exactly also uh I mean
when you're uploading a photo with
Auron Play you're exposing yourself to that I
mean it's not that it gives you the right it's not that it gives
people the right to
insult you that they can I don't know what that they
can I don't know how much but it's an
uncontrollable thing I mean It's already in itself that you
put yourself on the networks and you're famous and
all that stuff OK But man when you
put yourself with an Auro on play you know
there
you'll see clear there it is there you already have a
completely
uncontrollable exposure RX 50 members it's true I
hadn't seen it rinx another 50 member
what the [ __ ] is going on here tonight You
've become
[ __ ] Well if you want to put me in
tanguillos 50 each Auron Play a lot of
running but upload a video on your
YouTube channel that you should see takes  I don't know
how long I've been saying I don't have
thoughts of uploading a video but
then nothing uploads eh they're laundering
money okay It's okay don't worry me they
can tell you everything say
good things bad things but no no people
on the contrary said absolutely
beautiful things so well Yes there yes there
the exhibition there the
exhibition Yes it was Hey how powerful that
clip and and the reflection I want to make is It's
about love The truth is who would have
said no that I was going to end up talking
about love but despite the
circumstances and despite everything
that has
happened love is one of the most
wonderful things that can happen to a
human being the truth I mean no I will never change
that point of view never no matter what
happens love is one of those things
that
makes you Well when you truly feel it or
when you think you
're with the right person it's an
absolutely wonderful thing
that when I experienced it eh if you
haven't experienced it you will see that it
is a sensation of it's a sensation of
euphoria it's a
sensation of well-being of
maximum happiness you don't reach peaks that are
very difficult to achieve otherwise  eh And it
's wonderful What happens is that sometimes
things happen and I would like to
clarify a couple of things
eh For the first and last time I'm not going to
touch on this subject again The truth is that if I
open Stream tomorrow the
same gl in front we have seen it
brutal imo eh brutal imo
eh if I have to thank this
person for something that Well you all know Who's who
is eye eye
when the sentimental moves you it's
very screwed up and it knocks you down is that he
managed to
bring out a very special shine in me that
I didn't even know was there and that is very
positive and damn this one is in love eh I
mean this one is hitting hard but he's
still in love
eh I promise you that this one is
still very much in love eh Even though he's
Here hitting it hard he's
hitting it with
pain this this comment that gemita
brought out a
shine let's see let's finish
listening
is what I have to thank and from
here well I thank him because
thanks to this experience despite the fact that
things have happened Maqui warlike
literally I know that well now
thanks to that I know that I have a shine
because for a few months I  I
noticed and people were telling me wow
Raul this is shining it's something
absolutely incredible but I didn't know
it was there so now I know it's
there
and it's not up to this person or anyone to
bring it out Now I know that that shine is
there And now my job is to bring it out on
my own but wow it's
true that if I have to buy something it's
because thanks to this person as I
tell you I discovered that shine that I liked so much
and other people liked so much too watch out
The Queen of shine our auron now
eh watch out The Queen of shine eh No [ __ ]
how good auron is How good I don't know what
eh
and it's very nice to discover that he didn't
become a poet eh But that's friends I mean
love is
[ __ ] up Wow how deep it is
eh how deep it
is I think he's in love eh still
eh In fact eh I think these are screams
of pain but watch out eh watch out that I mean he's
telling you now because he's touched his
dick see the clicks he's seen okay
this has copy
No yes he's touched his dick
eh see the clips of her that he's seen and
has  had to come out and say this
no But he obviously hasn't gotten over it he
obviously hasn't gotten over it yet
okay And over here was Gemita the
last few days the one who's saying that she's been
threatened over here was giving like a
couple of days ago she wanted to
play with him again okay I think that what she
wanted was to get closer again
probably and play with him no Let's see
let's see what Gref said
Oh Gref is still involved I
thought he had already sent the extensible to
hell eh I mean I thought
that the extensible would have already sent him to
hell
eh we're here for it now
let's go for the platinum haha he
put it wanting the music
no but he wanted it so much point it was the
same because 5 minutes with her
meant 10 hours with any other you
understand that level of vibration I've
never had ps weapon the Garfield
is the secret for the members but the thing is
that this jumps the copy doesn't
have copy
no the lyrics dude I don't know what the [ __ ] lyrics are
and I don't know what the [ __ ]
lyrics are I want to take advantage of this moment
from the  bottom of my heart to say
that I apologize absolutely to no one we
are the gods whoever doesn't
like it let us
see the lyrics okay the lyrics of
Osuna's heartbreaker let's
see she sets a trap for you first she lets herself be
loved she lifts you up to the sky and then she
lets you fall and leaves a mark wherever she
goes sometimes good sometimes
bad ask well you tell her the
heartbreaker false illusions don't
expect her to change with time she got
used to being forgiven I told her the
heartbreaker false illusions don't expect her to
change with time she got used to being
forgiven Well look how
accustomed she is to lying Okay this
girl who in
fact her own friend Gonzalez Look what she
was saying eh do you remember that Gonzalez
even when they were judging her came out
as if to defend her with the ape ape doesn't
fit
ape now unifem what Jona what do you say
But it looks s and all
that mu
mu mu I'm not going to talk about you because I don't
know him Oh okay girl
eh  a week but porita I can say that she
is
very very in this enaima
all this while Gemita
cheated on her eh cheated on him sack eh I am
very happy for Gema because she is very happy
and
because because I see that ra is
doing well to her she
is doing very well and that is
cool like they
understand each other very well let's see I don't
want to talk about other people's relationships either
but the truth is that when I see one of
my best friends I see her happy and I see her
happy and I see her
with a guy who yes with a guy who
is at her level well it makes me happy
I hope they last a lifetime I hope they last a
lifetime I hope I hope they are super happy
and last a lifetime and if
not then no if it's not like that then it's not
meant to be but I mean dude
as long as they are
happy to you as a person outside of
social networks What did you think of a
charming guy cerc I
really liked him eh very very
very close I
mean at his level super normal the word is he
is a
super normal person super cool and I'm going to give the details of their
relationship because that's their thing
obviously but
they are  that when we go I think they are
very good together, I mean what I have
seen and such
Dallas funado is
2017 [ __ ] a little eh gemita always
loses a kiss Gerardo it's true how bad it
has looked gemita eh how bad it has looked
Hey eye eh eye eye eye let's see she's her friend
in the end it's normal they are always very
cute at the beginning of the relationship well then that's it well you
are crazy you tell each other
things very calmly a lot of
love she is crazy Okay then
nothing What happens is that well here I can't
put gemita's answer
this there is another answer there are two
answers from gemita okay one has been
through her WhatsApp group let me
take it
from here and
put it in the WhatsApp group she put that
this time will be from the capture
but I don't know from which country the person who
took this capture Of course I understand that
this will not be at 3:30 actually in
Spain This will be later than the
auron live because it says Congratulations
you kept your threats Good thing
you knew how to leave in time Good night right now I
don't  are you watching because
people are giving away members okay but I'll
read it again Congratulations cume
Good thing I knew how to leave in time Good
night Okay and apart from that she uploaded
this story making a few
gestures with some friends And she says Well it's
a song she's playing a song that
says your story is badly told and
nobody believes you your story is badly
told and nobody believes you It wasn't you it
was me who left you
well well Of course obviously She Uh
well let's see it could be it wouldn't be a
problem eh I mean it would be good actually it
would be good to just take it and say or Well look I
've cheated on this man 500 times and it
's normal that he left me
I'm not saying the boyfriend of I think Gref said
something else eh wait a
minute I think
Gref said something
else breaking a heart is something
spitting on it and [ __ ] on yourself Ah she's
relating it look and that's basically what
happened to me well and it turned out
that this person Well
basically a circus puppet The truth
and that's it And that's the summary of everything
she  the other day he did Stream and he
talked like a good guy he even made
jokes and stuff which by the way I
recommend changing psychologists
and Claro because for the psychologist
this is just a laugh no come on let's make
a joke eh let's all laugh here [ __ ] well well I would
like the
psychologist to see The last month that I've
spent I'm going to eat this hamburger And I'll
say a phrase I didn't expect you to
put it I don't have much to say either
eh a lot of encouragement Auron and
Ender and Manuel's corrupt anti-potion
to continue Tell me the truth he did the same to you
XD I already told it eh I already told it what
happens is that in Gref's case I don't
have this 100% confirmed but
in Gre's case I think he
was also he didn't behave very well at all in
the sense maybe he was also
naughty okay I don't have it 100% okay
but I think it's not the same case I think
Gref wasn't there I mean it's not the
same situation it's not the same story
as with Auro okay I mean yes it is  It's true
that Gemita apparently has like eh she has
like there a problem with
lies she has a problem with
lies and apparently well she is
very untrustworthy Gemita suddenly they have to
stop her Because she starts to
deceive okay And then they stop her
very good that very good that that very
good that very good let's see They have told me
that there are friends that they have to stop her because already already already to
relax she is not
faithful she is not faithful she is not a
faithful person but from what I understand the
story with Gref there was deception too
okay there was deception too but I think that
on his part so I don't know if there was ever
any deception as such or some flirting
okay but I think that in which it is not the
same story as with Auron okay the
story with Auron I mean Gref wasn't so
in chochi Gref was
n't so in
chochi Auro what happens is that I don't know
but I know in
[ __ ]
tremendous Auron I know in [ __ ] but
tremendous
eh Let's see be careful with what you put
in the chat let's see in the end each one
has a way of living their life  sexual
and we are all in our right with
our Freedom The problem is that of
course When you hurt others, well you do
n't know, that's when it sucks
if there's more as my grandfather used to say, may he
rest in peace. If the river sounds, water carries. He did it
not always, not always. If the river
sounds, water carries. Not always, not
always. It could be in some cases normally
Yes, but it could also be that the truth doesn't
sound. Because many people are big
mouths 2.0 in your relationship, you
warned him. It's not our issue either.
Guys, I think Auron, who is very up to
it, has come out and said, "You're not going to
touch me." There will be people who think it's
better. There will be people who think it's worse.
But he's sure that he'll be able to rest
easy. The plot advanced and the
victimization is already canon because
apologies and recognition are never
an option. It wouldn't be more, it's just what
I had thought, but let's see, mm, it could
be no. Hey, look, I've behaved badly
with Auron. I'm going out and I'm very sorry, man, it wouldn't
even have been necessary
because Auron didn't want to come out and say, not
even eh, more than necessary because he
is aware that any word and
any, whatever.  aurons is perfectly
aware that he says well now I don't
dislike this person he has behaved
badly with me and simply with that that
neither for you know I mean these are things in
life Simply with that maybe
the other person can get the
biggest thing auron has to have knows that he has to be
very careful they looked at
genita's Instagram we looked at it we
looked at it How crazy we looked at it you know
auron didn't want to I didn't want to but that wasn't
love the what about what about gref the
auron in chochi auron was his ball and
the other one started with ma cachondera
and said Hey look at the sicora three you
calm down in chochi
aoch letter Mental Health three
two and feminism tomorrow the letter is going to be
feminism tomorrow the letter I think it's going to
be feminism
eh more boring I understand in case we didn't
have enough cinema gemita just
uploaded the following story and many of you
will say well it's just a story
but if you start watching the song I'll
leave you here a little phrase from the
I am the papelacera you are not the papelacera
One thing is what happens inside and another is what
happens outside Well, she will have her
version of events Well, I don't know if, well, Hey,
you know what's going on, from what I
understand, from what I understand We're
going to leave here, eh family We're
going to leave here What's
going on, what's going on, you like gossip a lot, it
's 3 in the morning, I'm leaving, I'm leaving,
okay,
from what I understand And stick
with this phrase, we'll see how
the days go Okay, if you don't start the
Titanic, start the Colosseum in
Rome what's going on What I'm going to start is a
[ __ ] mess in the next few
days if you don't shut your [ __ ]
mouth, let's
see, according to what I know and according to what I
understand, let's see how the likes go
How the likes go, I mean, the
last sentence, but with so many likes,
I'm going to give one, I'm going to give a clip, okay, I'm going
to give a click so that you
get it, take it as an exclusive, take it, let's
see, take it as an opinion, rather,
okay, take it as an opinion, rather,
not as an
exclusive, but it is true that the
like let's see do I say it or not?
This is the click that you have to
share now on Twitter okay
look what Jai bu said
okay Also tomorrow we have a live broadcast on
telesalseo around here I don't know if we'll come
tomorrow we have a live broadcast between salseo the
truth is that I imagine that around here
tomorrow we won't come to I don't know what
newscast or something like that so stay
with this phrase that I'm going to give you the phrase
okay stay with this phrase that I'm going to
give the phrase there are
many missing likes
eh come on go I say it I want to go I had
a couple of more songs around I had
a couple of more songs around that I haven't seen
man and I would have liked to see them but I haven't
seen them man in the end but it's that I'm
going there it's 3 in the morning I'm
not going to stay here until 5 today
tomorrow if I can I'll come tomorrow if I can I'll
come but tomorrow I'm going to be very busy
with telesalseo and with a script that
we're preparing for the main one
too
Okay According to what I
understand Gemita is not going to dare to
tell the
full story because the full story The  it
leaves you in
bad shape and
according to what I know
erdal He has suffered a lot it's not a joke joke
according to what I know you
saw the exclusive that I gave no I mean the
exclusive that I gave the exclusive is big Not from
gemita everything that is or I don't know what I don't
know how much Well according to what it reaches me according to how it
reaches me I don't
even know 20% or I did
n't know we'll see or I didn't know we'll
see 20% eh that's how it reached me eh 20
% baiting mode I never bait dude
stop the nonsense already of of Oh baiting
I never bait you know that what I tell
you always comes true Here it comes true okay you
know that what I say always comes
true I'll repeat it to you okay I
'll
repeat it to you gemita today she must have gotten heated or
whatever okay she's at a wedding I'm also
telling you she's at a wedding she's at a
wedding be careful eh she came up she
put her sleeves she put she put
that song she put that
WhatsApp but according to what I'm getting according to what I'm getting she's
never going to tell her full version okay I
mean it's not going to happen or it's going to happen Okay
maybe tomorrow suddenly you go out and broadcast a
stream and tell something that is going to be
invented but in that case they are going to
deny it in that case they are going to deny it
you know then I have my doubt no I can't
put my hand in the fire because Gemita is
not going to come out and speak eh or maybe
tomorrow she looks very empowered and comes out
and says Look this is my version you know
but I think not because if she doesn't tell
the truth
okay If she doesn't tell the truth then of course
the truth is going to come out and it's going to be
worse So I think that
the wedding thing and those things have heated up today
but then it's not going to happen I don't think so eh I don't think so
eh I don't
know
but yes eh And then exact calculation
Exact calculation they gave me
Javi I don't know it's not even
20% or you didn't
know But what could be worse than what we
already know well I was the same as
you eh I was the same as you
but well that's why I'm here not to
find out that 80% and tell you about
it Clear of course of course that's why we are
here to find out about it  80% and
tell you what, that is, that's it, count on
it, okay, here it is. You're going to have it for
sure, you'll have it here, you'll have it here, don't
worry, you have that mission, Javi,
totally totally. Also, you know that I
take it very seriously, I take the
challenges very seriously. We want that bomb, we want that
bomb, okay, gorgeous, continue
enjoying what's left of
Saturday morning. If we
see each other tomorrow, well, it will be late because
tomorrow I have a live show with
Marina. So I do
n't know, honestly, probably
not, eh. It depends on what I have on Monday. I
have to look at my schedule. It depends on what
I have on Monday because maybe I have a
doctor or things like that. Okay, so I don't
know if I'll come tomorrow or record videos or
whatever. Okay, well, Auron already said that it
was terrifying, exactly exactly. So
tomorrow, if I don't come tomorrow, I'll
come the day after. And if not, it will be on this channel. It
will be the main one because tomorrow we have a
money-making mess on Telesalseo.
Tomorrow we have a money-making mess, a big mess
on Telesalseo.
So, subscribe to the Channel everyone.
telesalseo subscribe everyone to my
main channel Javi
oliveira and subscribe to this one too and
we'll see each other wherever I connect okay You already
know that I'm very active on Twitter and
Instagram and there I'm
informing you Where I'm going to
connect a kiss handsome
Thanks for the company we broke it
tonight one more night goodbye handsome
goodbye precious rest I
love you so much eh I love you so much I
never failed myself eh a kiss a kiss go to
sleep come on bye
[Music]